Adding required go version & Trust Policy Example (#6242)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/optional/irsa.md

#### Generate keys.json and make it publicly accessible

1. The cluster provisioning workflow generates a pair of service account signing keys. Retrieve the public signing key generated and used by the cluster, and create a keys.json document containing the public signing key.

> 2. We need minimum go version 1.19 to run it . Use  `go version` command to check installed Go version.

Reviewer: Is there somewhere in the amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook they can get the go version?

Author: No , go version is not mentioned anywhere , that's the reason i am adding here so that people install correct version

Author: I will update  in the amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook also , but IRSA itself is a complicated process , so i would suggest to mention here as well as a perequistre

Reviewer: Maybe have  users look to https://github.com/aws/amazon-eks-pod-identity-webhook/blob/master/go.mod#L3

Author: Infrastructure people who manage onpremise server and responsible for setup EKS-A typically don't see this code because only few people are familiar with the go programming language. 

I wanted to edit this here as well because of that, but if you still think it's not necessary, i'll remove that part.

Author: @TerryHowe Reverted that changes , please have a look

    ```
    "$ISSUER_HOSTPATH:sub": "system:serviceaccount:KUBERNETES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAMESPACE:KUBERNETES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME"
    ```

>     Below are the one exmaple to whitelist your `my-serviceaccount` service account in `default` namespace and all service accounts in `observability` namespace for `us-west-2` region. Remember to replace `Account_ID` and `S3_BUCKET` with   required values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Below are the one exmaple to allow list your `my-serviceaccount` service account in `default` namespace and all service accounts in `observability` namespace for `us-west-2` region. Remember to replace `Account_ID` and `S3_BUCKET` with   required values.
```

Author: Updated as suggested
